alright guys how's it going it is choose
daily 20 30 jun 2015 you're watching
cocteau TV so quite a few of you are
asking about this film in your kid or a
virtual familiar I don't know what you
know where you are what you braid what
you've heard sometimes people message me
and I countryside don't Donnelly these
rumors do you think they truly sewing on
which rumor do you mean so it's like if
you're asking me do I believe we're in
for him yeah absolutely there's no
doubting that that's been confirmed to
me that is a definite target genuine
target will be signing no idea I never
get my hopes up with any transfers this
is why I don't like talking about
transfers on it because one things
change very quickly i hear getting
sucked in he would be a you know a
expensive signing and i know that was
competition from other clubs Premier
League because a lil manchester United
have been sniffing around in a while and
that is obviously a concern because if
you think about it they are a more
glamorous club whether you like it or
not and that is obviously you know a
concern to me that's how I look I don't
like getting my hopes up about about
potential signings he's a very good
player you know there was claims that a
deal had already had already been done
we addressed that this morning on
tour we were told that that's not true
what we know that stage would have been
last night up to last night we were told
that wasn't true but Liverpool obviously
have a delegation out there at the
moment they've spoken to his agent and
they're trying to broker a deal and
that's as far as that's all I can tell
you guy that's all I know you might know
more than me I don't know you have to
tell me what you think about this
potential signing whether it excites you
we've been linked with a few shriker's
the last few days as well which I
probably will do a video about that as
well at some point it's just that you
can't address every you know link if you
like and when you linked with someone
all that means is that someone's link
the two of you together the club
together and a player and could be at
any journalist the radio you know media
the media have linked as I Liverpool our
interested in familiar that means we've
been linked to it and it doesn't mean
it's actually happening aw there's
anything taking place however on this
instance I know there is which is why
I've opted to make a video about it but
like I said my concerns are what I know
it's going to be expensive so that means
that there's going to be a lot of
negotiating around that too i think that
you know there's other clubs which is
always a concern you know because i cap
on this occasion i think we can match
the sort of money I'm s I assume I don't
want the personal terms of ebook
Liverpool seemed to be willing to to to
to finance this but when another club
gets involved if you say the monks or
another Premier League club or another
you're decent European side then that
becomes you know like a bit in most
answer then is the selling club can
start trying it on basically and playing
you off each other and then the
obviously the agent can as well well you
know you've offered me underground away
he's offering hundred and fifty you are
hundred two hundred you get silly so the
big concern really is that there are
interested parties but Liverpool
obviously feel that they've got a good
chance of doing it real sudden wouldn't
be trying and so they wouldn't be trying
to negotiate something if they didn't
think that there had been an indication
of interest from the player in terms of
moving to Liverpool I'm afraid for now
guys were just gotta sit tight and watch
and see what happens but that's about it
really so all I'm saying to you in this
video is if you want to listen to
anything I say I believe without a doubt
that Liverpool are currently negotiating
trying
to broker a deal he's 100-percent a
genuine Liverpool target I couldn't tell
you I have no idea if it will proceed at
this stage array
you